---
layout: speaker
title: Rick Cusick
photo: rick.jpg
talk: Reading Plus - UX in EdTech
twitter: rickcusick
category: speaker
order: 3
vimeo_id:
---
User Experience Design in Educational Technology products can make the difference between positively engaging learners and losing them to distraction. Reading Plus, a Winooski EdTech publisher, has had great success using Agile/UX techniques to build and refine their current product suite. The results have been profound from both an instructional and an experiential perspective. Rick Cusick, CIO of Reading Plus, reviews the strategies and tactics that the Reading Plus team used, their cultural values and how they contributed to the outcomes, and what the team has learned during the course of developing this very successful EdTech product. Rick will also cover the challenges along the way, how the team responded to different needs, and what direction the team is charting moving forward.

----

Rick Cusick is the Chief Information Officer at Reading Plus, a publishing company based in Winooski that uses research-based technology and training to create engaged, successful silent readers. He manages the product delivery team, oversees the technical infrastructure, and leads the software development process.  Combining agile principles, Scrum, and collaborative user experience design, Rick works across teams to build products and features that delight while improving the lives of hundreds of thousands of students. His 15 years of experience in technology include developing marketing automation platforms for some of the world’s biggest brands, teaching web development and networking as an adjunct at Champlain College, and mentoring EdTech startups through Boston's LearnLaunchX accelerator.
