---
layout: speaker
title: Everett McKay
photo: everett.jpg
talk: Eight Attributes of an Intuitive UI
twitter: uxdesignedge
category: speaker
order: 7
vimeo_id: 169279285
---

Having an intuitive UI is a top goal for every design project, yet surprisingly few people have a strong understanding of what this concept really means. Designers are no different. (A quick test: ask some designers to define it. Most likely you won’t be unimpressed by their answers.)

By attending this talk, you will learn what it means for a UI to be intuitive. You will learn a practical definition, the attributes required to be intuitive, and the levels of intuitiveness. Ultimately, you will learn how to help your team design UIs that are more self-explanatory and require less training and documentation.

You will see these concepts applied to a variety of real design problems. Finally, you will learn that not all UIs need to be intuitive, and when it is a good idea to have unintuitive UI—strategically rather than accidentally.

----

Everett McKay is Principal of UX Design Edge, a user experience design training and consulting company for mobile, web, and desktop applications based in Vermont. Everett's specialty is UX design training for software professionals who aren't experienced designers through onsite, public, and virtual courses and workshops. His new book is "UI is Communication: How to Design Intuitive, User Centered Interfaces by Focusing on Effective Communication", recently published by Morgan Kaufmann.

Previously, Everett was a Senior Program Manager at Microsoft on the Windows 7, Windows Vista, and Windows Server teams. Before joining Microsoft, he was a programmer, specializing in designing and developing Windows and Macintosh user interfaces.
