---
layout: speaker
title: Sarah Fathallah
photo: sarah.jpg
talk: Exploratory Research in UX Design
twitter: sfath
category: speaker
order: 7
---

Evaluative research focuses on gaining a deep understanding of the lives of the end users and the contexts in which they use certain products and services. At its core, it’s about challenging and exploring the problem space, before venturing into the solution space. Using real-life examples of digital tools that help people access affordable housing or register to vote, this talk will explore the different tools used for exploratory research, including ethnographic interviews, contextual inquiry, and co-creation activities and prompts. The audience will leave with a better understanding of the types of insights that exploratory research generates, and how they can complement the findings of evaluative or comparative research.

---

Sarah is a freelance designer and researcher, with a passion for applying human-centered design to local and global development. She has worked with Fortune 500 clients, government entities, and non-profits on topics ranging from financial inclusion and consumer protection, to healthcare, and civil and human rights. In her spare time, you will find her volunteering as a teacher, a translator, or a crisis mapper. Sarah is a graduate of Sciences Po Paris and studied design innovation at the Paris Est d.school as well as UX design at General Assembly. She serves on the Board of Directors of SIMLab, an awesome organization striving to make technology work for everyone.
